Enable exception catching; Separate build targets for `node` and `worker` environments. (#11)
y-scope/clp-ffi-js: CMakeLists.txt

FetchContent_MakeAvailable(Boost)
message("Boost sources successfully fetched into ${boost_SOURCE_DIR}")

set(CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX ".js" CACHE STRING "Binary type to be generated by Emscripten.")

> # Set up extra compile and link options and append to the lists as necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
# Set up common compile and link options to be merged with other options as necessary.
```

FetchContent_MakeAvailable(Boost)
message("Boost sources successfully fetched into ${boost_SOURCE_DIR}")

set(CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX ".js" CACHE STRING "Binary type to be generated by Emscripten.")

> set(CLP_FFI_JS_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_FLAG

Reviewer: We have this, `CLP_FFI_JS_EXTRA_LINKER_FLAGS`, and a bunch more linker options in the foreach below. How about defining a single list variable `CLP_FFI_JS_EXTRA_LINK_OPTIONS` (to match `target_link_options`) and just append to it as necessary?

Reviewer: If we end up keeping this option, how about `CLP_FFI_JS_ENABLE_EXCEPTIONS_FLAG`? (Plural exceptions.)

Reviewer: Also, does this need to be a CACHE variable?

Author: My initial thoughts of creating this variable is to make this configurable. Now I think about it again it seems there's probably no reason to change the option to the JS-emulated one (`-fexceptions`) once we decide use one type of exception but not the other. On the other hand, now we have confirmed the effects of enabling `-fwasm-exceptions` are minor, we should probably always enable it given how the CLP core code depends on exceptions for error handling.

I agree that we should create a single list `CLP_FFI_JS_EXTRA_LINK_OPTIONS` and it makes sense for us to inline this exception flag into the list directly.

        -sENVIRONMENT=worker
    )
else()
    set(CLP_FFI_JS_EXTRA_LINKER_FLAGS
        -sENVIRONMENT=node

>         -sNO_DISABLE_EXCEPTION_CATCHING

Reviewer: I haven't looked into it myself, but would [`-fwasm-exceptions`](https://emscripten.org/docs/porting/exceptions.html?highlight=no_disable_exception_catching#emscripten-javascript-based-exception-support) also work?

Author: Both [`-fexceptions`](https://emscripten.org/docs/porting/exceptions.html?highlight=no_disable_exception_catching#emscripten-javascript-based-exception-support) and [`-fwasm-exceptions`](https://emscripten.org/docs/porting/exceptions.html?highlight=no_disable_exception_catching#webassembly-exception-handling-based-support) work. 

Enabling exception catching with `-fwasm-exceptions` seems to introduce minor performance impacts. i.e. Decoding all log events in a sample log file with ~380k log events 5 times takes 10.486s without the flag and 10.504s with the flag.

On the other hand, with JS-emulated exceptions enabled by `-fexceptions`, decoding time increases significantly to 17.087s.

As a result, we should enable `-fwasm-exceptions`.

    src/submodules/zstd/lib/decompress/zstd_decompress.c
)

set(CLP_FFI_JS_SUPPORTED_ENVIRONMENTS

>     "node;worker"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    node
    worker
```

I prefer separating them on different lines but feel free to disagree.

    CACHE INTERNAL
    "List of supported environments."
)

foreach(env ${CLP_FFI_JS_SUPPORTED_ENVIRONMENTS})
    set(CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME "ClpFfiJs-${env}")
    add_executable(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME})

    # Set up compile options
    target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE cxx_std_20)
    target_compile_definitions(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PUBLIC SPDLOG_FMT_EXTERNAL=1)
    target_compile_options(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE ${CLP_FFI_JS_COMMON_COMPILE_OPTIONS})

    # Set up link options
    target_link_libraries(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE embind)
    set(CLP_FFI_JS_LINK_OPTIONS

>         ${CLP_FFI_JS_COMMON_LINK_OPTIONS}

Author: I understand the previous suggestion was to make an "extra link options" list and append to it as necessary. However, I'm not sure if the appended options could be undesirably carried onto the next `foreach` iterations. Instead of creating an "extra options" list, a "common options" list is created to merge with other options as necessary. Let me know if you see any drawbacks with this approach.

        --emit-tsd=${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}.d.ts
        -sENVIRONMENT=${env}
    )

>     message(
>         "CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME=\"${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}\". \
> CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=\"${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}\". \
> Compile options: ${CLP_FFI_JS_COMMON_COMPILE_OPTIONS}. \
> Link options: ${CLP_FFI_JS_LINK_OPTIONS}"
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(
        "CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME=\"${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}\". \
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=\"${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}\". \
Compile options: ${CLP_FFI_JS_COMMON_COMPILE_OPTIONS}. \
Link options: ${CLP_FFI_JS_LINK_OPTIONS}."
    )
```

Let's also move this log after we call `target_link_options`.

    src/submodules/zstd/lib/decompress/zstd_decompress.c
)

# List of supported environments.

> set(CLP_FFI_JS_ENVIRONMENTS

Reviewer: * How about `CLP_FFI_JS_SUPPORTED_ENVIRONMENTS`? Then we can drop the comment above.
* Can we make this a cache variable so that we can set it from the Taskfile? That way, we don't have to keep the environments here in sync with the Taskfile.

    "node"
    "worker"
)

foreach(env ${CLP_FFI_JS_ENVIRONMENTS})
    set(CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME "ClpFfiJs-${env}")
    add_executable(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME})
    target_compile_features(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE cxx_std_20)

>     target_compile_options(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE ${CLP_FFI_JS_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_FLAG})

Reviewer: Do we need to [add](https://emscripten.org/docs/optimizing/Optimizing-Code.html?highlight=lto#lto) `-flto`?

Author: > Thus, to allow maximal LTO opportunities with the LLVM Wasm backend, build all source files with -flto and also link with flto.

It seems so

Author: yeah sorry for the oversight: https://emscripten.org/docs/tools_reference/emcc.html#emcc-closure:~:text=%5Bcompile%2Blink%5D%20Enables%20link%2Dtime%20optimizations%20(LTO).

    set(CLP_FFI_JS_LINKER_FLAGS
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_ENABLE_EXCEPTION_FLAG}
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_EXTRA_LINKER_FLAGS}
        -sALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH
        -sEXPORT_ES6
        -sMODULARIZE
        -sWASM_BIGINT

>         --emit-tsd=${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}.d.ts

Reviewer: Should we also be specifying `sENVIRONMENT=${env}`?

Author: Sorry, we should. I think I mistakenly deleted it when I was merging from main.

    )
    message(
        "CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME=\"${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}\". \
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=\"${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE}\". \

> Linker flags: ${CLP_FFI_JS_LINKER_FLAGS}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra link options: ${CLP_FFI_JS_LINKER_FLAGS}"
```

    )
    target_link_options(
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}
        PRIVATE
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_LINKER_FLAGS}
    )
    target_link_libraries(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE embind)

    target_compile_definitions(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PUBLIC SPDLOG_FMT_EXTERNAL=1)

    # NOTE: We mark the include directories below as system headers so that the compiler (including
    # `clang-tidy`) doesn't generate warnings from them.
    target_include_directories(
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}
        SYSTEM
        PRIVATE
        ${boost_SOURCE_DIR}
        src/submodules/clp/components/core/src
        src/submodules/clp/components/core/src/clp
        src/submodules/clp/components/core/submodules
        src/submodules/fmt/include
        src/submodules/spdlog/include
        src/submodules/zstd/lib
    )

    target_include_directories(${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME} PRIVATE src/)

    target_sources(
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_BIN_NAME}
        PRIVATE
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_MAIN}
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_CLP_CORE}
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_FMT}
        ${CLP_FFI_JS_SRC_ZSTD}
    )

> endforeach()

Author: ```suggestion
endforeach()

```
